today's intense waves seem to have been
triggered by the government's
announcement of something they're
calling the Patriots oath a
state-sponsored initiative to have
Americans sign a loyalty waiver are you
serious
this is crazy publicly the deadline for
signing is the day after Thanksgiving
Black Friday hey it's gonna be scary in
the next couple days we just gotta
remember who we are
we're not gonna let them change who we
are mm-hmm she drew down with us
Conrad's know its analysis
[Music]
hi Katie good to see you
Happy Thanksgiving what not Katie Abby
can you watch the Chris Rock on like
that he's racist Chris Rock's not racist
she's best friends with Adam Sandler
that is a fact
you know it's actually it's racist to
think Chris Rock's racist term the nurse
what did he do you lit a copy of the
oath on fire in front of some
constituents that is so not illegal you
can do whatever you want to take the
American flag and shove it up your ass
[Music]
percentage-wise who do you think it's in
more car accidents in this country white
men or Asian women Asian women no dad no
white men I wouldn't have said it if it
was Asians
[Music]
you